Last time on Sonic X,
Chris learned that his world
and Sonic's were once one,
but since the planets
started to recombine,
time itself is
screeching to a halt.
The only way to stop the clock
is to cause Chaos Control
and send Sonic and his
friends back to their world.
Suspecting a trick,
Chris confronted Dr. Eggman,
and was shocked to discover the
time-freeze fiasco was real.
Now Tails and Chuck are working
overtime to build a machine
that can send our heroes home.
Can they conquer the secrets of
Chaos Control before time runs out?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
We now go live to the
office of the president.
My fellow citizens,
I have sad news to
bring you this morning.
Many months ago, a connection
was established between
Sonic's world and our own.
Now, regrettably, that connection
must be severed forever.
Morning, Chris.
Good morning, Sonic.
How's it going, guy?
Okay.
We can go for a run
later, if you want to.
Sure.
Unfortunately, this is the last day
we will spend with
Sonic and his friends.
Tonight, they must return
to their own world.
AMY: Personally, I don't
see why it's such a problem
if time suddenly comes to a stop.
If I don't get older, I
won't get any wrinkles.
But, Amy, don't you
think you'd get bored
if you were forced to
live the same day over
and over again for ever and ever?
If you don't get any older,
you'll never get birthday presents.
I didn't think of that.
I have school. See ya later.
Enjoy your day, Chris.
Bye!
DAD: Have a good time!
MOM: Take care, sweetie!
[Grunt] No good.
I wonder what we're doing wrong?
And on behalf of all our citizens,
I extend our best wishes
to Sonic and his friends.
[Cough]
As you make the journey
back to your home world,
please know that this world
will never forget your acts
of courage and heroism.
What a blowhard.
That mealy-mouth, gutless wonder
should have done something
to get rid of those
freeloaders a long time ago.
Why build an expensive
machine to get rid of them,
when a couple of well-aimed
missiles could do the trick?
[Phone rings]
Basher here.
Commander, we think Eggman
is up to something.
What's he doing?
He's working on
something suspicious.
What should we do?
Don't let Eggman out of your sight.
Watch him like a hawk.
I want to know his every move.
And report to me directly!
Is that clear?
Yes, sir!
Eggman's obviously planning
to make one last sneak attack
before he takes a hike.
He thinks he can catch
us with our guard down.
We had a chance to get
rid of Eggman once,
but the president went wobbly.
He was too scared civilians
might get hurt.
Well, I'm gonna finish off that
freaky fanatic once and for all!
And no lily-livered
politician's gonna stop me!
[School bell rings]
I wish Sonic and the others
didn't have to go back.
On TV, they said time's gonna
stop if they don't go home.
I know it's important and all.
But... it's gonna be lonesome.
I don't want things to go back to
the way they were before Sonic came.
[Sigh]
From the first time we met,
it seemed like Sonic and I
were meant to be friends.
Right from the start,
we always looked
out for each other.
Now what if Sonic gets in trouble,
and I'm not there to help him?
Oh!
Huh?
[Crowds gasping]
[Crowd commotion]
What are those things?
Open fire.
[Missiles firing]
Aah!
Ohh!
I wonder why our radar systems
didn't detect that fleet?
Unfortunately...
We unplugged the radar...
We wanted to watch TV.
This base needs more
electrical outlets.
Huh? Oh!
I want to know who
ordered this attack!
The president's office
is secure, Colonel.
[Thinking] They know something.
Why can't we get through
to the president's office?
Has something happened to him?
Hm?
They're not fightin' fair, Eggman.
They've got you
totally outnumbered.
They may have me
completely surrounded
with thousands of
robotic attack craft,
but I possess the one weapon
that can easily defeat them all,
which is my super-superior brain!
Aah!
It doesn't take a real big
brain to see you're in trouble.
You should leave.
Dr. Eggman never admits defeat,
especially when he loses.
Hm?
Oh!!
Aah!
Ah!
You will probably kick me in the
compressors for saying this,
but I think you should
listen to Sonic.
This situation is hopeless.
Even an egomaniac needs
to be realistic sometimes.
No way!
I'm gonna stay right
here and hold my ground
until there's no
ground left to hold!
I'll stop those robots for ya.
But first, you have to leave.
Forget it, hedgehog-
Aah!
I'm giving you one
last chance, Eggman.
Never mind Dr. Eggman!
Just save us!
Pretty please!
[Grunt]
[Explosions] [Missiles firing]
This is Chalkboard Charlie.
It's all clear here.
Do you read me?
Over.
This is Topaz. I copy.
Incredible! Sonic is
Eggman's archenemy,
yet now he's coming
to Eggman's rescue!
I knew that hedgehog was a traitor.
Sonic and his flaky
Freedom Movement's
corrupting the whole country
and turning everybody
into peaceniks!
When dangerous pests
infest your home,
there's only one sure
way to get rid of 'em,
and that's exterminate 'em!
[Gasp]
You're taking this breaking-and-entering
business way too literally.
How'd you get here?
Rouge, come in.
What's happening in there?
Relax, Topaz. I ran into Knuckles.
I'll let him tag along if he
promises to be a good boy.
Rouge! Some renegade agents are
holding the president in his office.
He's in danger.
You two have to slip in
there and free him, fast!
Roger.
Good luck, Rouge.
Who needs luck when you
have talent and beauty?
[Missiles firing]
[Grunt]
[All screaming]
Woah!
Wha-!
Oof!
Time for a merger.
Affirmative!
[Blasting off]
[Explosions]
Merge now!
Roger!
Behold my super fortress!
The greatest fighting
machine ever invented!
The Grand Egg Imperial!
We could save ourselves
a lot of time and trouble
if we abandon ship now.
Right!
Pipe down!
We have enough firepower to send
those robots down in flames.
Blast them with the laser cannons!
Roger.
[Grunting]
Oh!
[Grunt]
Oof!
Hm?
I hope you don't
mind us droppin' in.
No! I don't mind at all.
Mr. President!
[All groaning]
I'm fine, thanks to them.
DR. EGGMAN: I told you I didn't
need your help, hedgehog!
[Laughing]
But since you tried to save me,
here's a little present for you.
Huh?
What's this?
We collared the commander,
Mr. President.
We're gonna march him off
to the military police.
Good work, officer!
Take him away.
Tell the president I'm not sorry.
This country used to be strong,
but now it's on the
brink of disaster,
thanks to his support for Sonic.
You'll see!
He's got a point.
Sonic's okay, but sometimes
he's a real troublemaker.
I'm no Sonic fan,
but it was Eggman who caused
Chaos Control and sent us here.
It's all his fault our worlds joined
together and we got in this mess.
I guess it doesn't
matter who's to blame.
The important thing is to try
and set things right again.
We can worry about settling
the score with Dr. Eggman
once we make it back
to our own world.
We have to act at once.
The past isn't important.
What's at stake now is our future.
All of you must return to your
world before time comes to a stop.
We won't be going anywhere
unless Tails and Professor
Thorndyke finish their machine.
This is the last part we need!
All we have to do is put it
in the machine, and we're set!
Let's test it out
and make sure works.
Looks like we did it, Chuck!
[Chuckle]
With Eggman's help?
This is the worst day of my life.
Soon, Sonic'll be gone. Forever.
And we'll never see each
other... ever again.
Sonic's my best friend.
It's not fair.
I think we should
go and see them off.
Don't you?
Sure, but Chris asked
us not to come along,
so we'll have to stay out of sight.
Hey, Sonic?
Yeah, Chris?
Do you really wanna
go back to your world?
Well, I don't have a choice.
As long as I've got places
to run and explore,
I'll be happy.
That's good.
Goodbye, guys.
We'll miss you.
We wish you didn't have to go.
Time to see if this machine works.
Yeah!
[Sigh]
[Alarm sounds]
We don't have enough power, Tails.
What'll we do?
The other Emeralds
are still missing.
If they don't get another Emerald,
they won't be able to
cause Chaos Control.
Sonic and the others
will have to stay here.
You could use one of these!
[Grunt]
Great! We have enough power now.
All right, Tails. Let's power up.
Ahh!
[Crowd murmurs in excitement]
I can't wait.
Here goes!
[Alarms sound]
[Gasping]
I guess it won't be long before
we're all back home, guys.
DR. EGGMAN: The pleasure
was all yours!
Take care!
It was nice attacking you!
Hey, why did it just shut off?
Chao?
We can still go back
home, can't we?
[Gasping]
There was a power burnout.
We don't have enough energy now
to send the rest of you back.
[Crowd murmurs]
Huh?
[Sigh]
I'm not giving up yet!
But Tails...
If I make some adjustments,
I think I can draw even
more power for the machine.
It's worth a try.
Huh?
He didn't even get out of the car.
Maybe it's time for
me to hang it up.
There's not another competitor
out there like Sonic.
When he steps through that gate,
I'll lose the greatest
challenger I ever had.
Good luck, Sonic.
And thanks.
That was the fastest goodbye ever.
I think he just broke
another world record.
[All laughing]
Chuck, I think it's fixed.
Let's give it a go.
[Alarms sound]
That light!
It's from Space Colony ARK!
Now we have all the power we need!
Excellent work, Tails.
You did great, buddy!
[Laughing]
Thanks!
I'm going to miss you.
Yeah. Goodbye, Chuck.
You've been a great teacher.
And an excellent friend, too.
We made this for you, Cream.
We know how much you like flowers.
It looks great on you!
You like it?
Oh, thank you all!
I love it!
But not as much as
I love all of you!
[Crying] Chao chao chao!
[Crying]
Don't cry, Ella, or you're
gonna make me lose it, too.
Don't worry. I went
to the plant store
and bought myself a
cactus to take care of.
Aww.
I named it Amy.
After you!
That was sweet of
you, Ella. Thanks.
Thanks for taking care of us.
You and Mr. Tanaka made us welcome.
It was our pleasure.
I wish... you could
have stayed longer.
Here.
This might help you to remember me.
[Gasp]
You wrote down your
favorite recipes
so I can make them
when I'm back home.
Ella!
Oh!
Ella! What'll I do without you?
[Crying] I don't know!
[Both crying]
In a second, Sonic will
go through that gate.
He'll be gone forever.
But I'm not ready to say goodbye.
Looks like this story's ending.
But I still haven't figured
out who you really are.
You'll have to keep investigating.
Hurry!
We can't keep the gate open long!
You have to leave immediately,
before there's a power failure!
Thank you for everything.
It was nice knowing you!
Bye-bye!
Chao chao!
Thank you all!
[Laughing] It's been a blast!
Goodbye, Cream. Amy. Tails.
I'll never forget you.
Take this before I change my mind.
When I saw that gem
in the jewelry store,
I had to get it for you.
It was a steal!
Hm.
See ya.
[Sobbing]
Soon we'll be back home, Sonic.
Back home.
Heh.
Let's go.
Hm.
Okay.
Sonic...
Huh?
Say goodbye.
You know this is the right thing
to do for both our worlds.
You can do it, Chris.
Well, Sonic.
Chris.
This is it.
It's been cool.
I'm glad we met.
Bye, Sonic.
And good luck.
Hm.
[Gasp]
[All gasping]